  what is npm???
    npm stands for node package manager. it is preinstalled with node.js. by using this npm we can easily install the modules
and packages. It makes easy for developers to share and reuse the code. It is a open source software.
     The components present in npm are:
      1.website
      2.Command Line Interface (cli)
      3.registry

       some of the packages in npm are
   1.Async: Async is a utility module which provides straight-forward, powerful functions for working with asynchronous JavaScript.
   2.Browserify: Browserify will recursively analyze all the require() calls in your app in order to build a bundle you can serve up to the browser in a single <script> tag.
   3.Express: Express is a fast, un-opinionated, minimalist web framework. It provides small, robust tooling for HTTP servers, making it a great solution for single page applications, web sites, hybrids, or public HTTP APIs.
   4.Gulp: is a streaming build system that helps you automate painful or time-consuming tasks in your development workflow.
   5.Lodash: The lodash library exported as a node module. Lodash is a modern JavaScript utility library delivering modularity, performance, & extras.
   6.Nodemon: It is a simple monitor script for use during development of a node.js app, It will watch the files in the directory in which nodemon was started, and if any files change, nodemon will automatically restart your node application.
   7.Q: Q is a library for promises. A promise is an object that represents the return value or the thrown exception that the function may eventually provide.
   8.Socket.io: Its a node.js realtime framework server.
   9.Csv: csv module has four sub modules which provides CSV generation, parsing, transformation and serialization for Node.js.
  10.Debug: Debug is a tiny node.js debugging utility modelled after node core's debugging technique.
  11.Bower: Bower is a package manager for the web. It works by fetching and installing packages from all over, taking care of hunting, finding, downloading, and saving the stuff you’re looking for.
  12.Forever: A simple CLI tool for ensuring that a given node script runs continuously (i.e. forever).
  13.Grunt: is a JavaScript Task Runner that facilitates creating new projects and makes performing repetitive but necessary tasks such as linting, unit testing, concatenating and minifying files (among other things) trivial.
  14.Hapi: is a streaming build system that helps you automate painful or time-consuming tasks in your development workflow.
  15.Nodemailer: This module enables e-mail sending from a Node.js applications.
  16.Yo: A CLI tool for running Yeoman generators
  17.Underscore: Underscore.js is a utility-belt library for JavaScript that provides support for the usual functional suspects (each, map, reduce, filter...) without extending any core JavaScript objects.
  18.Validator: A nodejs module for a library of string validators and sanitizers.
  19.Through: It enables simplified stream construction. It is easy way to create a stream that is both readable and writable.
  20.Sails : API-driven framework for building realtime apps, using MVC conventions (based on Express and Socket.io)
